README.md, before:

[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

# Mensa bot
We all know that feeling of our minds wandering of, contemplating what the gods of food will bring us today. 
In this moment opening the TU Dortmund App seems like a sheer insurmountalbe task.

But fear not, the TU Dortmund Mensa bot is hear. It will send you all the Food options available today right to your smartphone. Each and every day at 11 am (well except weekends obviously).

# Fries Alert
Some days everything seems dark and bleak. Then you notice at the last moment that the Mensa does'nt even offer fries today.
The long and tiring way to the Mensa didn't even pay of. You should have just stayed home.

Introducing the Fries Alert. It will send you a status update each day at 11 am if fries are available or not.
# How to 
Just add  [@TU_Pommes_bot](t.me/TU_Pommes_bot) on Telegram and send it the commands for the updates you want.

## Commands
|Commands 	|What they do			|
|--------------:|-------------------------------|
|/Menu		|Subscribe to menu updates	|
|/Pommes	|Subscribe to the Fries Alert	|
|/MenuStop	|Unsubscribe from menu updates	|
|/Pommesstop	|Unsubscribe from Fries Alert	|


# How What Why
This is a hobby project and the bot is hosted on Raspberry Pi 3B. 
Because of this I can't guarantee 100% uptime or continuous updates.

# Credits
Hugely inspired by:
https://github.com/SepplL/mensabot

https://github.com/maxnoe/mensabot

Commit message:

Added start and veggi command to bot

README.md, after:

[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

# Mensa bot
We all know that feeling of our minds wandering of, contemplating what the gods of food will bring us today. 
In this moment opening the TU Dortmund App seems like a sheer insurmountalbe task.

But fear not, the TU Dortmund Mensa bot is hear. It will send you all the Food options available today right to your smartphone. Each and every day at 11 am (well except weekends obviously).

# Fries Alert
Some days everything seems dark and bleak. Then you notice at the last moment that the Mensa does'nt even offer fries today.
The long and tiring way to the Mensa didn't even pay of. You should have just stayed home.

Introducing the Fries Alert. It will send you a status update each day at 11 am if fries are available or not.
# How to 
Just add  [@TU_Pommes_bot](t.me/TU_Pommes_bot) on Telegram and send it the commands for the updates you want.

## Commands
|Commands 	|What they do			|
|--------------:|-------------------------------|
|/Menu		|Subscribe to menu updates	|
|/Pommes	|Subscribe to the Fries Alert	|
|/Veggi		|Subscribe to veggi menu	|
|/MenuStop	|Unsubscribe from menu updates	|
|/Pommesstop	|Unsubscribe from Fries Alert	|
|/VeggiStop	|Unsubscribe from veggi menu	|


# How What Why
This is a hobby project and the bot is hosted on Raspberry Pi 3B. 
Because of this I can't guarantee 100% uptime or continuous updates.

# Credits
Hugely inspired by:
https://github.com/SepplL/mensabot

https://github.com/maxnoe/mensabot
